Change tracking: Add data dictionary entries (#11555)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/change-tracking/change-tracking-view-analyze.mdx

Try these examples or create your own queries:

<Callout variant="tip">

>   If you need help with the field names and descriptions, take a look at our [data dictionary](/attribute-dictionary/?dataSource=Change+tracking&event=Deployments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For details about the data structure and attribute definitions, see our [data dictionary](/attribute-dictionary/?dataSource=Change+tracking&event=Deployments)
```
